REGISTRATION PROCESS
Students are encouraged to seek academic advice prior to registration. Refer to the Academic Department Directory.

REGISTRATION PASS TIMES
Students are assigned three pass times that are displayed in GOLD. Students will find their appointment times in GOLD on the Registration Info page.

Students may only register during their assigned pass times:

First pass time: Limited to no more than 10 units.
Second pass time: Additional units may be added for a maximum of 15 units.
Third pass time: Students continue to adjust their schedule during their third pass time up to the maximum allowed by their college.
New and returning students only receive passes two and three.

Students should register at the beginning of their designated pass times to take full advantage of allotted time for registration. Students may only register during their assigned pass times.

BLOCKS
Registration blocks may prevent quarter registration. Failure to remove blocks will result in a Lapsed Status and dropped from all classes. Contact the university department that placed the block for consideration of removal.

TIME CONFLICTS
GOLD will highlight conflicts but will allow schedule conflicts. Students are responsible for course changes and resolving any time conflicts.  The system will not automatically drop a student from courses based on conflicts, although the academic departments offering the courses may drop for non-attendance.

PREREQUISITES
Instructors have final authority in determining enrollment for their courses.

Prerequisites are checked when a student attempts to register for courses and again at the beginning of the quarter.

Prerequisites are found by selecting the course title in the Schedule of Classes or in GOLD in "course info" located next to the course title.

Students who do not meet the prerequisites, may be dropped from the course by the department.

Undergraduates can enroll in graduate courses only if they have an approved Petition to Enroll in a Graduate Course on file in the Office of the Registrar prior to registration.

ADDING AFTER THE 5TH DAY OF CLASS
Instructor approval is required to add a class after the 5th day of instruction. If granted, students are given course approval codes. Course approval codes may be used on GOLD until the published add deadline. (move this sentence up to the Adding After paragraph)

REPEATING A COURSE
Course repeat information appears in the UCSB General Catalog. Students should consult with their department and/or college advisors before repeating a course.

When registering for a course in GOLD that is repeatable for additional units, students will be asked to indicate whether they would like to take the course for:

1) a better grade, or

2) more units.

Students who register in a course to improve a grade, but are not eligible based on the repeat policy, will be dropped from the course.
