UNIT ENROLLMENT GUIDELINES
GRADUATE STUDENTS:
The normal course load for graduate students is 12 units per quarter. Only registered students carrying a minimum load of 8 units are eligible to be appointed as graduate student researchers or as teaching assistants; to receive fellowships and most forms of financial aid; and to be eligible for campus and extramural benefits and services (University Housing, Student Health Service, etc.). Graduate students should consult with departmental advisors about recommended course work and unit load prior to each quarter.

Most lending agencies demand repayment of loans if a student is not registered or is carrying less than a normal courseload. The Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement requires international students to be engaged in a full course of study while at UCSB.

Graduate students can petition for "part-time" status for family, health, or occupational reasons. Restrictions do apply, please see the Graduate Division's website for the full policy: https://www.graddiv.ucsb.edu/forms/part-time-tuition-status
UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS:
College of Creative Studies

Students in the College of Creative Studies normally take four courses totaling at least 15 units each quarter and are not required to file petitions for excess programs.

College of Engineering
Students in the College of Engineering are subject to the following course enrollment limits:

12 units–Minimum load for full-time standing.
21 units–Normal maximum without petition.
Undergraduate students in the College of Engineering must average at least 15 quarter units each quarter. At least three-fourths of the units passed must include courses prescribed for the major. Complete details of this requirement are contained in the UCSB General Catalog.

College of Letters and Science
Students in the College of Letters and Science are subject to the following course enrollment limits:

12 units–Minimum load for full-time standing.
17 units–Maximum without petition to the dean of the college for students on academic probation.
21 units–Maximum without petition to the dean of the college for all other students.
The average course load for students in the College of Letters and Science is 15—17 units per quarter.
